# Graduation-project_2023.5
Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) is a developmental disorder that affects an individual's social interaction, language communication skills, and behavioral patterns. It typically appears in early childhood and lasts a lifetime. Since the exact cause of autism is unclear, diagnosis mainly relies on the subjective assessment of clinical professionals, which is complex and requires high professional standards. Therefore, an automated diagnostic method is urgently needed. In recent years, functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), with its non-invasive, safe, and high-resolution advantages, has become a research focus and provides a new perspective for ASD diagnosis. This study uses a brain functional connectivity analysis method of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging to propose a multimodal feature fusion diagnostic strategy for ASD. First, a convolutional neural network (CNN) based on spatial attention and channel attention mechanisms is designed to extract functional connectivity features of Eickhoff-Zilles (EZ), Harvard-Oxford (HO), and Automated Anatomical Labeling atlas (AAL) time series in the ABIDE database. Then, a discriminative module based on the self-attention mechanism is designed to fuse and diagnose the three modal features. Through 5-fold cross-validation, the algorithm achieves an average accuracy of 70.95%, sensitivity of 74.42%, and specificity of 69.15%, thereby realizing the automatic, efficient, and accurate diagnosis of autism.

